Welcome to this lesson on the Bitcoin Core Debug Console.
Previously, he worked on the testnet and create
a transactions using the user interface of your Bitcoin core wallet.
While this interface is a great start,
the real power comes from being able to access this information programmatically.
You can do that using what's known as the Bitcoin Core Debug Console.
Throughout the lesson, we'll discuss many of
the commands available to you in the debug console.
Our goal is to help you get set up to
confidently explore blockchain data using this tool.
We'll do this by covering commands for each component in the block chain framework.
This lesson builds on everything you've learned so far.
It's where this program really starts to turn from
conceptual ideas to the lower level nuts and bolts you'll need to build an application.
Don't worry, we're not going off the deep end here and we've
really tried to make this lesson in a way that's relatable,
approachable and allows you to be prepared for more advanced topics later on.
Also, there's one really important thing we want you to get from this lesson,
that will take a little effort on your part.
In this lesson, you'll have a huge opportunity to type the data you're
seeing to the conceptual ideas we've talked about earlier in the program.
For example, when looking at block data,
think about how this relates to what you understand a block to be.
What images in your head already?
How does this data relate to that image?
Putting in the extra effort here is going to
allow you to visualize how all this connects.
This will become invaluable as we start building more complicated programs later on.
We put a few more details below the video.
If you'd like, take some time to read through and when you're ready
we'll see you in this lesson on the Bitcoin Core Debug Console.